[YUKIKA]
I am here in town to buy some
clothes, but I'm having some
difficulty deciding.
If you happen to have some time,
I would greatly appreciate
your help.
Sorry for
making you wait!
No, no. Thank
you for coming!
You're going
out on a date!
Of course you want
to look your best.
I do! But I have no idea
where to even begin.
You want him to think
you're super cute, right?
I want him to fall
madly in love with me!
But I don't know what sort
of clothes will make Sunakawa
lose his mind and
love me forever!
This really isn't
my strong suit.
Let's try asking his
best friend then!
Ah!
(Phone jingles)
Suna, I got a question for ya.
What kind of clothes do
you like seeing on girls?
What kind of
question is that?
[SUNA]
Well, I don't know.
Anything's fine.
Something normal.
As long as it fits the
person who's wearing it.
[TAKEO]
Hmm. Normal clothes...
So traditional Japanese robes!
[SUNA]
That's not what I said.
But that would probably be fine.
[TAKEO]
Okay. Anything that
looks good on anyone.
I'll wear my
school uniform!
I'm pretty sure it means
that you can wear
whatever you want.
♪Opening song♪
[TAKEO]
Yukika is all dressed up today!
But she froze up the
second she saw Suna!
Yes, Suna is an attractive guy.
And seeing him this
close might be a little
overwhelming and everything.
But you have to
say something!
What's the point
in asking him out
if you don't actually
talk to him?!
AHH!
Will you go to the zoo with me?!
(Whimper)
[SUNA]
Uh, sure.
[YUKIKA]
There's a reason why
I wanted to go the zoo.
It's because a long time
ago we had a field trip
in grade school...
And while we were on the tour,
Sunakawa asked
why in Japanese we call
a giraffe "kirin" instead
of just giraffe.
But nobody knew the answer,
so the conversation just sorta
died right there.
Well I knew the answer. And
I wanted to tell everybody
that it originates from a
mythical creature in China.
But you know...
Of course I couldn't find
the courage to speak up.
That's why we're here.
I want to make some new
better memories at the zoo.
[GIRLS] So can we, like,
take a picture with you?
[SUNA] Why not?
You need to tell that
to Suna, not me!
Right! I know!
[YUKIKA]
When I... When I
really think about it...
The time when Sunakawa protected
me from the dodgeball
was the "prime time"
of my life.
I'm not sure I've ever
heard of "price time."
No, PRIME time. The peak
of my existence.
That's way too early for
the best time of your life!
[TAKEO]
Look. It's gonna be alright.
Suna's not scary.
Check this out. Yo, Suna!
What should we do
next, my brotha?!
Whatever's next
on the path.
You got it, holmes!
Now, it's your turn.
I can't talk to
him like that!
What are you guys
talking about?
AAAHHHH!
Um. Nothing.
Nothing at all.
WAH!
[SUNA]
Whoa. I've never seen
a bird like that.
Agh! It's called a...
[CHILD]
Hey, look! It's a petting zoo!
Oh! Let's go!
What is she doing?
(Goats bleating)
[RINKO]
Aww, how cute!
[TAKEO]
Ms. Yamato, you kinda remind me
of one of these cute
little critters.
What? Which one? I may look
little and helpless to you,
but deep down I'm a ferocious,
man-eating carnivore!
Rawr!
I love her!
[TAKEO]
Oh, and that little guy
reminds me of Yukika.
I'm not so
sure about that.
Really? But it's such a cutey.
Huh?
Oh, in that case...
If that's what you mean,
then I guess you're right.
Oh!
Hm?
I'm sorry, I thought you
meant something else, too.
That sounds a whole
lot better.
(Light chuckle)
[TAKEO, MIMICKING GORILLA]
Me gorilla!
Me am so big and strong!
(Ape-like grunting)
[YUKIKA]
I think we found the animal
that looks like you, Takeo.
I may look like one, but I'd
never be able to match one.
They are
ridiculously strong.
(Laughing)
What, man?! It's true!
What's so funny?!
You're both just
about as hairy.
[TAKEO]
Hey! Well, yeah...
(Yukika screams)
[RINKO]
Let's go! Let's get inside!
It feels good to get out of the
rain and take a little rest.
Especially with Sunakawa...
You need to be telling
him, not me! Okay?!
Yukika, look,
you wanted to come here to make
some new memories, right?
At this rate, it'll be just
like it was the first time.
I'll do it.
I'll go talk to him.
[RINKO, TOUGH VOICE]
"Hey there, Takeo!"
Now that I've gotten a chance
to really think about it...
you actually do look like a
big 'ol handsome gorilla.
(Ape-like grunting)
(Sigh)
I, uh, looked around to
see if they had a postcard
of that bird you liked,
but I didn't see one.
(Both gasp and squeal)
Must not be one of
the most popular ones.
Guess it didn't get a postcard.
Well that's just a shame.
Hm.
(Excited squeal)
You did it!
I did it!!
(Excited giggling)
(P.A. jingle)
[ANNOUNCER]
Attention, Zoo Lovers!
Beginning at 2 o'clock,
we will have an animal
trivia tournament in front
of the Primate Enclosure.
Oh that sounds fun!
Come and test your
animal instincts!
Yeah it does!
You wanna head over there?
Mm-hmm.
(Light whimper)
[HOST]
Now, everyone who wants to
join the trivia tournament
needs to pair up with a partner.
And I'll need you to hold
on to each other's hand
so that I can count you off.
[HOST]
Great. Okay.
1, 2, 3, 4, 5, 6, 7, 8...
Crap! I should have
partnered up with Suna!
(Gasp)
(Nervous squealing)
Ooooh!
[HOST]
That makes 32 pairs.
(Both squealing)
You may let go of
each others' hands.
Just super!
All right, let's get started
with question #1, shall we?
A giraffe is equipped with
a long purple tongue to
absorb ultraviolet light.
Move over to the O for true.
And the X for false.
I think that's false.
It's false!
[HOST]
And the answer is...
false!
(Cheers and disappointment)
Now, question #2.
Oh! That's true!
Question #3.
That's false!
Question #4.
That's true!
That's true! False! True!
Man! Yukika is killin' it!
Yeah!
Okay, we're down to
our last two pairs.
The team that answers correctly
first will be the winner!
The zebras that we keep
here in this zoo...
Zebras?!
Are they mountain
zebras, savannah zebras,
or Grevy's zebras?
[YUKIKA]
I know it! They're
savannah zebras!
[HOST]
That's right! Very good!
(Crowd applauds)
Yukika, you really know
a lot about this stuff.
(Gasp)
[HOST]
Congratulations to our winners!
Here are your
souvenir coasters.
How cool! You two
were totally amazing!
I didn't do much of anything.
It was all Yukika.
Ah! I just like books,
and reading, and
learning about stuff.
If there's something
written down in a book,
I'll read about it.
I remember you reading a
lot back in kindergarten.
And you, too! I remember
you were always reading
all the time!
Yeah, and uh... I still do.
[TAKEO]
Well, I'm gonna walk
Ms. Yamato home.
[SUNA]
Okay.
Um. Hey guys...
Thank you for coming out
to the zoo with me today.
[SUNA]
Yeah. I hadn't been
there in a long time.
Well, see you at school.
You got to talk to him.
I'm so happy for you!
It was like a dream...
Well, it wasn't a dream.
It was real life!
[TAKEO]
And it all happened because
you got up the courage.
Oh my gosh.
Today was by far
the happiest day
of my entire life.
You have a new
"slime time"!
"Prime time," Takeo.
Uh!
[YUKIKA]
Today, I got to hang out
and talk with Sunakawa.
We didn't even talk
about anything important.
Just small stuff.
We just talked.
Back and forth.
He smiled and laughed.
It was nothing, but
EVERYTHING at the same time.
(Content sigh)
And that's all...
That's all I've ever wanted
to do this whole time.
She did it.
She really did it.
It doesn't always take much.
Just talking to someone,
and being with them.
Sometimes that's all
a person needs.
Because when you're
with the right person,
those can be some of
the best times of all.
Whoa! They're talking
to each other! AT SCHOOL!
(Sigh)
Huh?
(Yukika crying)
Yukika! What's wrong?
What happened?
Everything alright?
Hey, what's the matter, guys?
Why is she crying?
[KAKITANI] Are you okay?
Give the girl some space!
[SUNA]
What happened?
What did Suna say to you?
No. Nothing. Sunakawa has
been nothing but kind to me.
He is a very kind
person, you know?
Oh?
He's kind, so he
went to the zoo.
laughed with me.
He's kind, so he entered
the contest...
He's so kind and caring
that it's not like he doesn't
like me or anything...
(Sniffle)
But that...
But that doesn't mean
that he likes me.
He's just nice to me...
because he's kind.
[SUNA, FLASHBACK]
No. Yukika, I don't hate you.
If I didn't want to,
I wouldn't go.
[TAKEO]
When I think back,
Suna kinda chose his words
carefully, didn't he?
It's not that he doesn't like
her or anything,
but he doesn't
like-like her either.
Every night, I lay back
in bed and wonder what
Sunakawa might be doing.
And I,
from time to time,
I get these urges where I just
want to see his face.
I want to bump
into him. Anywhere.
But...
But Sunakawa doesn't think
of me in that way at all.
You can just sense stuff
like that, you know?
I'm sorry.
I couldn't tell.
Yeah, well, you're
not in my shoes.
The difference between
how I feel about him
and how he feels about me
is heartbreaking.
I'm ready to give up.
Hmm...
(Sob)
Thank you for everything
you've done for me.
And please tell
Sunakawa the same.
I wish I had never
told him how I felt.
(Gasp)
[TAKEO]
Hey!
She's right.
Liking someone
and "not disliking" someone
are not the same thing.
Oh, hey there, Takeo.
You ready to go or, uh...?
(Intense growl)
I don't... sense
Yukika's presence.
[RINKO]
Ah! Hey, Takeo!
Hey! Ms. Yamato!
(Heavy breathing)
I got a really weird text
from Yukika just now!
[TAKEO]
Whoa!
Crazy, right?
Did something happen?
I texted her back
several times,
but she isn't
getting back to me.
I hope she's alright.
[TAKEO]
She, uh...
She doesn't really
like where...
where things are
going with Suna.
She can tell that they
don't feel the same way
about each other.
And that it hurts too
much to keep going.
She said it's time
for her to give up.
And, Suna, She wanted
me to thank you for
everything you've done.
Oh, okay. I understand.
I think I'm gonna make
a stop at the bookstore.
So I guess that's it.
This is how it ends.
I don't like how
that just happened.
It's sad to see something
just fizzle like that...
To just disappear.
Yukika told me that she
regrets the fact that she ever
told him how she really felt.
You think it was
a bad idea?
No, I don't!
Of course not!
If she'd take a minute
to think about it,
then she'd remember all the good
stuff that happened, too!
You're absolutely right.
She had to tell him.
[YUKIKA]
Uh, hey, Sunakawa...
The zoo was
fun yesterday.
[TAKEO]
It's foolish to think that
confessing your true feelings
to someone is a bad thing...
(Sniffling)
[TAKEO]
She's here!
(DING)
HM!
Suna, you go on
ahead without me.
Really?
Something's come up!
Oh, okay.
There you are!
AHHH!
AH! It's me!
I found Yukika!
She's on the run!
We're headed to the park!
Why are you running away?!
You can't just take off and
act none of this happened!
Hey!
Argh. That's a dirty trick!
[YUKIKA]
It doesn't matter anymore.
Please just leave me alone!
Suna may be nice, but
that's what you liked about
him in the first place!
You gotta start somewhere!
I can't think
about it that way!
Ah!
How can I possibly keep
spending time with him
when I know he doesn't feel
anything for me?
I'm not like tough you!
I'm too sensitive for that!
But, Yukika, I...
I saw the letter you attached to
the chocolate that you gave Suna
way back in kindergarten.
You saw that?!
I did! And I was impressed!
In fact, I was moved!
It opened my eyes to
what love really is.
And to this day, I
still think about
how great it was.
[TAKEO]
Think about it. There's a reason
Suna still remembers it, too.
Sure, Suna's nice,
but he doesn't act like
that to just anyone.
You don't want it
to end like this.
You CAN'T let it end like this!
[RINKO]
Where is she?
The, uh, ladies room.
Yukika!
Yukika...
(Sniffling)
[GUARD]
Hey, you there!
What do you think you're
doing hanging out
in front of the
women's restroom?
[GUARD]
You some kinda sicko?
(Squeal)
We were having an
important conversation!
And he is a crucial component!
[GUARD]
'Kay... Just try not to
look like some creeper
who's up to something.
Yes sir.
You really thought...
You really thought that
my letter was moving?
Yeah.
(Gasp and whimper)
Actually, if I were to end up
not talking to Sunakawa anymore,
I would be really sad.
[TAKEO]
I know.
(Phone vibrating)
AAHHH!
It's him! It's Sunakawa!
What do I do?!
Answer!
Answer it!
Hello?
[SUNA]
Hey, it's me, Sunakawa.
Are you there?
Yes, I'm here.
Yes. Yes, okay.
Uh-huh. Yeah.
Yeah, I'll see you there.
He said he wanted to see me,
so I'm gonna go.
I'll see you guys later!
[RINKO]
Yukika! We'll be here
if you need us!
[YUKIKA]
Okay, thanks a lot.
I'm going now!
[RINKO]
What do you think he wants?
[TAKEO]
I don't know.
I don't know, but...
Suna is very kind...
Ah!
I talked to Takeo.
Sorry to ask you
to come all this way.
It's no problem.
Here you go.
It's for all the
chocolates over the years.
I've been wanting to
thank you for a long time.
And so...
Huh?
So, thank you.
And I'm sorry.
Nuh-uh.
(Disagreeing)
Thank you for being
so kind to me all
this time, Sunakawa.
I really do like you.
You've been nothing
but nice to me through
this whole ordeal.
Whenever you see me again
at school, will you still
talk to me in the halls?
(Light chuckle)
Mm-hmm.
(Light sob)
[RINKO]
Yukika.
[YUKIKA]
Look. Sunakawa gave me this.
Aw, how cute is that?
He's really got good
taste. This is exactly
the kind of stuff I like.
He said he's wanted to
give me this for ten years.
And he said he was sorry.
(Takeo stammers)
I've had a lot of fun
through all of this.
Coming to you guys for advice
all the time, sometimes
until late into the night.
Picking out clothes
together at the mall.
Walking home with Sunakawa,
even if I didn't really
talk to him.
And going to the zoo
with Sunakawa,
even though I didn't
talk to him there either.
Even still, I came out of it
with a lot of wonderful new
memories.
Sunakawa's world and
my world... they connected.
In the end...
I'm glad I told him how I felt.
Huh? AH!
HM!
(Gagging)
OH!
I'm sorry!
Take it easy there, Takeo!
I'm not as big as you!
You may have broken something.
I'm sorry...
All this time, I wish I could
have been more like you, Takeo.
Hm?
Sunakawa really loves you.
You know that, right?
Oh!
[YUKIKA]
When he's with you,
Sunakawa is always
busting out laughing.
And when he's with you,
he seems to smile in a way
that's a little different than
he does with anybody else.
Then again, I'm
not really the type
who's going to just
jump in the river, am I?
Yeah, well, I can't write
letters like you can.
I like you too, Takeo,
to be perfectly honest.
It's just in a
completely different way
than I like Sunakawa.
So were you finally able to tell
him everything you wanted to?
Yeah.
I've told him everything
I've been feeling for
these past 10 years.
Including all that I
ever wanted was for
him to like me back.
But now, I don't want
anything in return.
In the end, that was
the most difficult part
of the whole thing.
[TAKEO]
In reality, when someone
likes you back, you really
don't need anything else.
Someday, Sunakawa is going
to find someone out there
who's really, really nice,
and really, really smart,
and super cute, and
that loves him more
than I could ever dream.
I want him to find her.
And I want them to fall in love
and live happily ever after.
Me too.
You want me to walk with you
on your way home, Yukika?
Ah?
(Giggle)
[TAKEO] (Sniffing)
Your mom made curry today.
Very astute.
Yeah, we had curry, too.
Oh yeah?
(Twitch twitch)
Y'know, Takeo...
[SUNA]
When she apologized
to you at the zoo...
I could see what a
good person she is.
Is that so?
I'm not even sure what
she was apologizing for.
(Laugh)
Uh, hey. So, Suna...
Do you, like, by
any chance love me?
Uh, where did that come from?
Yukika told me
that you did.
Is there anyone out there
that hates you, Takeo?
[TAKEO]
Suna, I really hope
you find someone
out there to fall
in love with!
[SUNA]
Well. I'm having a pretty
good time as it is.
[TAKEO]
Sometimes when
you fall in love,
it can end up hurting
really bad.
But in the end,
that's far better than
never having loved at all.
♪Closing song♪
[RINKO]
Next episode:
My Spring Break.